# PowerTrainingCoach
## Team Members
- Melvin Emanuel Trösch, 202914
- William Max Antoine Weber, 203801
- Ilyes Rouibi, 202995
- Lucas Bourgos, 185631
## Short Description
The app creates custom training programs for combat athletes. The athlete selects from a range of sports, training frequency and intensity, current season, competency and eventual limitations. 
### Example Flow of Program Generation
1.  User fills out the initial questionnaire.
    
2.  App generates a tailored training plan based on responses.
    
3.  User starts the program and logs daily workouts.
    
4.  App tracks progress and adjusts the plan as needed.
    
5.  User receives periodic feedback and motivation from the app.
    
6.  Regular assessments to ensure goals are being met and adjust the program accordingly.
## Frameworks / API
- React: UI Interface, Reactivity, Routing
- Mobx: Reactivity
- Vite: Build tool
- Firebase: Storage, Persistence, Deployment
- Stripe: Payment interface, API -> Code written by others
- OpenAI (GPT-5-mini): API (Training plan generation)
## Data
- ### from API:
	- The training program
The training program will be generated through the API of gpt-5-mini with our custom prompt and inputs.	
- ### from app:
	- Information about users
Only necessary information for the functionality of the app will be asked from the user and stored as safe as possible in the scope of the course. Some of them will be used as inputs to the prompts and some for verification.
	- Progress
The app does monitor progress of the user and adjusts the program. The progress is saved on a database.
- ### from external resources:
	- Documents with instructions for training programs
They will serve as context to the AI prompts and are happily shared with us by Saman Monfared.
	- Example programs
Also serve as context to the AI prompts they are either made by hand by Saman Monfared or generated by a Custom GPT.		


